[WAF] Improve linking between API and Terraform (#21741)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/waf/detections/leaked-credentials/terraform-examples.mdx

---
title: Terraform configuration examples
pcx_content_type: configuration
sidebar:
  order: 4
  label: Terraform examples
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Terraform configuration examples | Leaked credentials detection
---

import { Render } from "~/components";

The following Terraform configuration examples address common scenarios for managing, configuring, and using leaked credentials detection.

For more information, refer to the [Terraform Cloudflare provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs).

If you are using the Cloudflare API, refer to [Common API calls](/waf/detections/leaked-credentials/api-calls/).

## Enable leaked credentials detection

<Render file="detections/leaked-credentials-enable-terraform" />

## Configure a custom detection location

<Render file="detections/leaked-credentials-configure-location-terraform" />

You only need to provide an expression for the username in custom detection locations.

> ## Add a custom rule challenging requests with leaked credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add a custom rule to challenge requests with leaked credentials
```
